[Applause]
[Music]
The sound of the bell gently dispels suffering, bringing
great wisdom. Bodhi is born in the
realm of hell, escaping the cycle of rebirth and attaining Buddhahood, saving sentient beings. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the
Underworld, Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the
Underworld, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the Underworld, Heart of the
Underworld.
[Music] With
sincere devotion, I send forth the fragrant clouds, offering incense
throughout the ten directions, to the
Three Jewels. My
teacher, throughout his life, upholds the Dharma, doing good deeds, and
praying for the Buddha's compassionate protection. May the Bodhi mind be firm, the aspiration to
cultivate the Dharma be steadfast,
far from the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion, quickly returning to the shore of
enlightenment. Namo Incense Offering
Bodhisattva, Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva, Namo Incense
Offering Bodhisattva. Namo the Ten Directions of the Dharma Realm, the Ever-Abiding Three Jewels, the Great Witness. Namo
Shakyamuni
Buddha, our Teacher. We respectfully beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy Sangha to
witness and protect us. We respectfully
invite all celestial beings, spirits, and divine beings to descend to this
Dharma Assembly and support us, your disciples.  The Minh Pho
Thanh Son group, practicing the Six Harmonies of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club, is currently practicing at
Ba Vang Pagoda. Today, March 21st, 2011 (Year of the
Ox), the family of devotee
Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name Minh Tue, residing in
Thanh Son Ward, Uong Bi City,
Quang Ninh Province, whose father, Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, passed away
at 6 PM on March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the
age of 85, we, his disciples, in accordance with
the law of harmony and at the
request of the devotee's family, with the permission of the
monks of Ba Vang Pagoda and the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, and the assignment of the Dharma assembly, respectfully
assist the family in
performing the ceremony to inform the deities and
spirits at this cemetery,
the guardian spirits, and all the departed
souls who have a karmic connection here, to dig a
grave for the deceased, Pham Van Thuong.
We respectfully ask the
deities and spirits to support the
digging of the grave so that it may be completed. Namo Thuong Gia Ho Bodhisattva Maha
Sattva. Namo
Buddha.  The Great Compassionate and Merciful Buddha Shakyamuni, who
loves all beings, the
Great Buddha, with his radiant and beautiful form, adorns
us with solemnity. We, with sincere hearts, bow in
reverence to all Buddhas of the three periods of time, the
good and empty
Dharma realm.
[Music] With sincere hearts,
we bow in reverence to all the true Dharma, all
beings, the true and empty Dharma realm.
[Music] With sincere
hearts, we bow in reverence to all the Sangha, the virtuous and holy beings of
the three periods of time, the good and empty Dharma realm. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Breaking the white color after more than a hundred thousand eons, it is difficult to meet you. I hear and cherish the meaning of the true virtue of the World Honored One. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Respecting the three enlightenments of the great person,
as a disciple of the Buddha, day and night we should focus our minds on
remembering and contemplating the
enlightenment videos of the great people. The
first enlightenment: the world is inherently impermanent, and
water is very fragile. The four elements are suffering and emptiness. The five
aggregates are selfless, always arising and ceasing, changing,
false, and without intention. The
body is the source of evil deeds. The body is the cessation of karmic sins.
If one observes in this way, gradually one will be free from birth and death. The
second enlightenment is that excessive desire leads to
suffering, causing endless birth and death, hardship and toil. Greed arises from greed. Those who have
few desires and know
contentment will attain freedom. The third enlightenment is that if the mind is not content, only concerned with greed and desire, it will increase evil deeds. Bodhisattvas are not like that; they always remember worldly pleasures, find joy in poverty, and take wisdom as their pursuit. The fourth enlightenment is that laziness leads to depravity, so one
should contemplate the
end of the world to destroy evil paths and
persuade all four demons to escape from the underworld. The fifth enlightenment is that
Bodhisattvas must be born with compassion.
Bodhisattvas should always remember to
learn and listen to many things to increase
wisdom and achieve enlightenment, then bring
great joy to all. The
sixth enlightenment is that poverty and
resentment often create many evil karmic connections. Bodhisattvas, in their
cities, are equal to their enemies, not
remembering past grievances and not hating evil people. The
seventh enlightenment is that the five desires are a
calamity. Even in the realm of the gods, one is not tainted by
sensual pleasures. One should always remember the three robes, the alms bowl, and the
Dharma robe. Those who recognize this always maintain a
pure path, practicing the Pure Conduct and compassion towards
all, thus attaining enlightenment.  The eight paths of birth and death
are always accompanied by boundless suffering and affliction.
Therefore, one should cultivate Bodhicitta, practice the path to
enlightenment, and seek the holy path to save all beings. The vow is to
bear the immeasurable suffering in place of all beings,
so that all beings may attain Great Peace and
Bliss. These eight points mentioned above were taught by the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas who attained enlightenment and practiced the path of compassion and wisdom, reaching the shore of Nirvana. Then, returning to the path of birth and death to liberate all beings, they also temporarily
teach these points to all beings, so that all
beings may know the suffering of birth and death,
and immediately follow the five desires of the mind.
If a Buddhist disciple adheres to
these three points, in every thought they will
eradicate immeasurable sins, progress towards
Bodhi, achieve perfect enlightenment, and attain the
path of birth and death, always enjoying peace and bliss.
[Applause]
Following the Buddha Shakyamuni, we
respectfully ask the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy Sangha to bear
witness and support
us. Today, our family has come to
offer food and offerings to the celestial
beings, deities, guardian spirits, and all
departed souls. Here, we
invite all celestial beings and deities.  May the
Guardian Spirits and all departed souls rejoice and receive
blessings upon us. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, who
knows compassion above all. Namo Sattva, who has
dissolved Ada and the city, visiting the three grandmothers.
Namo Sattva, who has dissolved Ada and the city,
visiting the Three Jewels, increasing the merit. Namo the
work is and sometimes comes to the Three Jewels, increasing the merit
and transforming the water. Namo Todo,
the land of Vietnam.
[Music] We
pray for the departed souls to have
enough food, hear the scriptures, attain enlightenment, develop
faith in the Buddha, take refuge in the Three Jewels, practice the Dharma, and
escape suffering. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully
ask the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous monks to bear
witness. On this day,
the family of Mr. Pham Van Tuan, Dharma
name Minh Tue, with full faith in
karma,
has made a donation to the Three Jewels and the
monks at Ba Vang Pagoda. The money
placed on the altar is to dedicate the blessings
to the celestial beings, the spirits, the
Guardian Spirits, and all departed souls.  We are fortunate to be present
at this ceremony. Today, we pray that all the
celestial beings, deities, guardian spirits,
and departed souls who have a connection with us here
may receive increased blessings and
support from the faithful family, so that all our endeavors
may be smooth and successful. May we also be united in our
spiritual connection with the nuns
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, assisting
each other in all good things and practicing together to attain
Supreme Enlightenment. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Applause]
Asking how much merit and virtue we have accumulated, I will return
that merit to the
Dharma realm, so that all sentient beings may see and
enter the state of non-birth. I vow to eliminate the three great
afflictions, to attain
truly bright wisdom, and to have all karmic obstacles
in our past lives constantly practice the Bodhisattva path. I vow to
dedicate the merit of this practice to all beings in the
ten directions, so that all of
us and all beings may
ascend to the supreme enlightenment. I take refuge in the
Buddha, I pray that all sentient beings may
understand the great path,
develop the supreme mind, and take refuge in the Dharma. I pray that all sentient beings may deeply
penetrate the scriptures, their wisdom as vast as the ocean.
[Music] I take refuge in the Sangha, I
pray that all sentient beings may manage the great multitude and
see nothingness.
[Music]
Nam Mô Buddha Shakyamuni. At
this time, the groundbreaking ceremony for the grave has been
completed. We, along with the family of the devotee Pham
Van Tuan, Dharma name Minh Tue, respectfully express our
gratitude to the Triple Gem, and to all the celestial beings, deities, and
guardian spirits who
have generously supported us. Now we respectfully begin the
groundbreaking ceremony so that our family can dig the
grave later. Nam Mô Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Applause]
[Music]